Security system using open cv

Aug-03:
Doing/ Done detecting face from video stream using haar cascade model.

What is Haarcascade?
A.Haar Cascade is a machine learning-based approach where a lot of positive and negative images are used to train the classifier
We use haar cascade to identify faces in an image or real time video.
Accuracy of haar cascade is around 89%.


Aug-04:
searching "How to capture images when face is detected".

Detecting human beings accurately in a visual surveillance system is crucial for diverse application areas including abnormal event detection, human gait characterization,
congestion analysis, person identification, gender classification and fall detection for elderly people. The first step of the detection process is to detect an object which is in motion. Object detection could be performed using background subtraction, optical flow and spatio-temporal filtering techniques.
   


Aug-10:

I want to implement a motion detection and human detection combined.

Referring for a motion detection

https://learn.adafruit.com/pir-passive-infrared-proximity-motion-sensor

From this above article i came to knew about that PIR sensor

what is pir sensor?
PIR sensors allow you to sense motion, almost always used to detect whether a human has moved in or out of the sensors range. They are small, inexpensive, 
low-power, easy to use and don't wear out. For that reason they are commonly found in appliances and gadgets used in homes or businesses. 
They are often referred to as PIR, "Passive Infrared", "Pyroelectric", or "IR motion" sensors.

working of pir sensor?

The passive infrared sensor does not radiate energy to space. It receives the infrared radiation from the human body to make an alarm. Any object with temperature 
is constantly radiating infrared rays to the outside world

How to implement a hardware sensor with opencv?

Here i'm mention document link to shows how to connect with hardware sensor and  opencv.

https://aip.scitation.org/doi/pdf/10.1063/1.5133928



Aug 25:
images are capturing when face is being detected. and using the dropbox api key the captured photos are being transfered to the dropbox account.
